In this video we're going to go ahead and install my sequel to Linux.
So if you're running Windows or Mac refer to the last two videos in this section of the course because
I've got separate videos showing how to install Marsico on these operating systems.
But we're going to do this one point in the next.
The first thing we need to do is open a web browser and we need to add the Marsico IPTA repository to
our system software puzzle trialist.
So let's cut through and do that and we're going to go to the website site.
Marsico dot com.
It was on it I want to go to work so much downloads slash repo slash IPTA and the link will be in the
resources section and this video.
Click on to
misquote onto the part of the page.
This is more siecle IAPT config file.
Click on download for that
this option to create an oracle account or log in Arcola.
Now the owners of more cynical better are going to click on No thanks to start my download because you
don't really need to and can't click that Kemeny to site that tough all I'll summarize and click on
Tai-Chi Saulteaux I actually do now is actually closed the browser because we're actually talking about
that because it was a slow fall and the fall has been added as we can see here in the Marsico.
Sorry in the deadline.
So I can open a terminal window now.
Select terminal or just pretty terminal window the way you normally open and what we can do then is
execute the command to actually execute is going to top sudo.
Spice JPK K-J spice dash II.
We're going to do to slash down lights and then it's going to be the more sequel for we downloaded just
on m y and press tab enter into the regular passport to get into this account.
And I just close it down.
Try that again because it should.
Anything else using this of I know what I'm trying to do.
I just pause the video and I'll just close or look at it look back into it and that should fix the problem
or that's what turns out I actually rebooted my computer.
I'm not too sure why that was actually locked but will try again now that Tom is ok.
Hopefully so pseudo spiced T.P. K.G. dash II 3:58 slash downloads and it's fine to the my Saeco app
config file that we downloaded and even the video that we need to enter your regular password
is Thomas actually working.
So let that finish.
Now it's finished.
You can see here that we've got some options on the screen.
The first thing it's asking is what's Marsico product do you wish to save.
We consider it selected on Marsico 7 that's fine and not going down the Marsico tools and connectors
currently selected is enabled so we can click into that option to change it.
We're just going to leave it on the default Marsico 5:07 next option is Marsico tools and connectors
can go in there.
You really just got the option to me and I wouldn't discipled so I'm going to leave it on the default
which is enabled and my preview packages we can leave as disabled we don't want to use any previous
halfway through tunnel that we click on OK.
And it actually takes a few things as you can see they and then will be ready to go through and continue
to update Well the installation.
I should say of music in so you can say it took a little while but that's no finished.
We've got it all ready to go and it manage to download the K and this is an automatic process.
It's like you know top sudo apt get or C space apt get update.
It's wrapped in package information from the Marsico IPT repository.
And then we're going to actually go ahead and do the installation of the most exclusive
kind that's now finished.
You can ignore that message there a bit upstream that's fine.
All right.
Next we're going to install Secret Service called pseudo spice app apt get spice install spice Marsico
dash.
And press enter there to accept the default.
Yes and it's no kind of installed Siku on this and it's instillation.
We need to set a strong password for the root password.
So this is not root on the unix machine this is root for the musical installation because Mustique workwise
usernames and passwords set into a password here that is secure and that you remember you can say you've
got the option to leave it blank when I have a password less logon but to recommend that I think it's
better to have a password for security reasons.
So I wanted my password president to confirm the password
and not finish.
OK.
It's now finished.
So should have our server now installed.
Recontest that in talking pseudo Space Service spies MEU siecle voice you know that is spy status.
And then we can actually try actually stopping this.
So instead of having status at the top stop to stop the Marsico installation then we can all start again
to start.
So that should now be running OK we'll be testing the saliva in the video.
After the install DiMasi a workbench to make sure to sort of restarting and it's not working correctly.
So speaking of that Marsico workbench that's what we want to install next.
So what are the top pseudo spies IP to use dush get spies install spies and Marsico Desch workbench
dash community
presented to select the default out of us to allow to install the one that install it.
I'm going to put a couple of links in the resources section if you want to actually install additional
components for workbench or find out more about it in general with a menu.
I'll put those links in the resources section of this video and you can never refer to that later.
We just kind of Geiser under the basic install because that's all we really need for this cause.
But you've got that option if needed
I case I can see that's now installed as well.
So at this point we can top exit we finished with the terminal session and close it down and we can
go back now to our inventory.
We got a moment to cash in close click on either and if you Toppin work you should see the Marsico workbench
has been histones the product I want to click on that want to actually run that.
And that's a good application that we can use to test Marsico installation like that amendment to start
sites now started up and we can see down here we've got this like Winston's three three or six.
So we click on that
that's going to ask for your password the first time and this is the root password for the Marsico installation
not the password for your machine.
So I'm going to type in the past that I saw and
you can say that it's open foreign.
So why I pulled that out a bit more we can click on of status and we get some information about my Seacole
and the fact that it's running etc..
What we do want to do is create another user and the user that we create is going to be used when we're
running applications in this course.
So I get to click over here to users and privileges and this to use is that a credit part of foppery
we want to click on an account and for the actual night the log in name we're not going to call it usable
call it user into cash on top of lévis the default limits to host matching.
We're going to change that to local Herst and what that means is that this username and password can
only be used to connect to Marsico if the process or the person using it is actually logged onto this
machine.
So it's just like an additional security mechanism to make sure that if by chance someone was able to
access Marsico remotely that it wouldn't work because the use of a passport has to be part of a process
running on your computer.
Next we need a password
and this is the password we're going to be using.
You know applications so it's something that you obviously want to remember anyway and it should be
different to the past month that we saw earlier in the year video.
I'm going to click on apply and we've now got the dead user created as well.
So let's now get back to the main page are putting on view and clicking on home and what we're going
to do now is this I'm going to click on this little wrench and we just get the ability to actually see
a connection and you can see there's an option there.
We can then click on test connection and this is a way of connecting and making sure that the username
is connecting to the database successfully.
So we tried the route on first topic and the root password.
We get a pop up to say we successfully made the cable connection.
That means subparts to siecle database is running correctly on this machine and that we've got the correct
use and even password on click close to that.
But then what we'll do is we'll finish up the video by creating another connection and we're going to
do that for you where username.
Some call this collection in development for the root password for the use and I'm going to try and
up to date.
And who's going to click on test connection when I see that it asks for the password.
This time we want the password for the dev user and I suggest you save the password.
It's up to you whether you want to do that or not but I won't be signing it.
OK.
And we've got a pop up to say we've successfully made this my connection which again tells us that the
Marsico database is working OK on this machine.
Plus it also tells us that this used an amber password the one that we used is correct.
It's going to click OK.
And that adds a connection to the list of connections we've got to there now at this point we can now
finish off.
We can close off workbench we can exit out of that.
And in fact I'm going to finish the video here.
Now in this video now that we've got this installed we'll have a bit more of a play around with the
Marsico webpage.
So see you in the next video.